README.md, before:

# BCN_3DPose
Bayesian Capsule Networks for 3D human pose estimation from single 2D images
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092523121931522X

## Branch ``amass``
Adjustments to test [BCN_3DPose](https://amass.is.tue.mpg.de) agains AMASS dataset. 

## Demo
**_click on the image below for a video demo_**
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cJsPnm-T9cA/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/cJsPnm-T9cA)


# Run

### Setup
Extract contents of 
 - ``Data3D.zip`` to project root (see [Download Dataset](#download-dataset))
 - ``Model.zip`` to ``Models/Model_BCN_3D`` (see [Download Trained Model](#download-trained-model))

**Expected structure:**
```bash
$ tree
BCN_3DPose
├── Data3D -> ../Data3D
│   ├── train
│   ├── train2d
│   ├── train2d_bb
│   ├── train_bg
│   ├── train_bg17
│   ├── validation
│   ├── validation_amass
│   ├── validation2d
│   ├── validation2d_bb
│   ├── validation_bg
│   └── validation_bg17
├── LICENSE
├── main.py
├── Models
│   └── Model_BCN_3D -> ../../Model
│       ├── checkpoint
│       ├── model.ckpt.data-00000-of-00001
│       ├── model.ckpt.index
│       ├── model.ckpt.meta
│       ├── TOTAL_by_activity.npy
│       └── TOTAL.npy
├── plotALL.py
├── README.md
├── train.py
└── utils
    ├── children_b.mat
    └── children.mat

```

**NOTE** The added directory `Data3D/validation_amass` that contains the extracted frames of the [AMASS dataset](https://amass.is.tue.mpg.de).


### Training
```bash
python main.py train
```

### Test
```bash
python main.py test
```

### Video Test
```bash
python main.py test_video
```


# Download Dataset
https://urjc-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/ivan_ramirez_urjc_es/Ec3Xu8zlV_xLkjE4cWPlTpoB_kznscM98bANGyM9Nbhb5Q?e=4%3anXkVj8&at=9
# Download Trained Model
https://urjc-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/ivan_ramirez_urjc_es/EsopUGOLPDROn9jfE1DCpBwBMAcSQ2pfaTLqU21FN6K42w?e=5%3aqNQa00&at=9


# Requirements

Project Repository comes with:
 - ~~Python 2~~ Python 3 (project upgraded to Python 3)
 - Tensorflow 1 (TF-2 is work in progress in branch [tf-2](https://github.com/suhrmann/BCN_3DPose/tree/tf-2))

1. [Optional] Create anaconda environment (recommendet) <br/>
    More information about [conda / anaconda [conda.io]](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/)
    ```bash
    # Create env "BCN_3DPose" with Python 3.7 and PIP
    conda create --name BCN_3DPose python=3.7 pip
    # Activate this environment
    conda activate BCN_3DPose # activate 
    ```

2. Install **Tensorflow** for your platform using ``conda`` <br />
    For other install options see [Install TensorFlow [tensorflow.org]](https://www.tensorflow.org/install)
    ```bash
    # Install Tensorflow 1(!)
    conda install tensorflow-gpu==1.15 # Tensorflow 1
    ```

2. Install project dependencies
    ```bash
    conda install opencv scipy Pillow matplotlib tqdm
    ```


# FAQ

 - **``ffmpeg`` / h.264 support missing** <br>
    If you got an error about missing h2.64 encoding you need to install ``opencv`` via with channel `conda-forge`.
    The flag `-c conda-forge` does **not** resolve it. See doc of conda-forge how to add channel `conda-forge`: <br>
    https://conda-forge.org/#about
    
    Mission h.264 discussion here at [ @conda-forge / opencv-feedstock [github] ](https://github.com/conda-forge/opencv-feedstock/issues/230#issuecomment-626216544)

Commit message:

More abstraction to load various samples of dataset AMASS (DFaust Snythetic)

README.md, after:

# BCN_3DPose
Bayesian Capsule Networks for 3D human pose estimation from single 2D images
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092523121931522X

## Branch ``amass``
Adjustments to test [BCN_3DPose](https://amass.is.tue.mpg.de) agains AMASS dataset. 

## Demo
**_click on the image below for a video demo_**
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cJsPnm-T9cA/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/cJsPnm-T9cA)


# Run

### Setup
Extract contents of 
 - ``Data3D.zip`` to project root (see [Download Dataset](#download-dataset))
 - ``Model.zip`` to ``Models/Model_BCN_3D`` (see [Download Trained Model](#download-trained-model))

**Expected structure:**
```bash
$ tree
BCN_3DPose
├── Data3D -> ../Data3D
│   ├── train
│   ├── train2d
│   ├── train2d_bb
│   ├── train_bg
│   ├── train_bg17
│   ├── validation
│   ├── validation_amass
│   │   ├── 50002 -> ../AMASS/DFaust_Snythetic//DFaust67renders_singleframes/50002
│   │   │   ├── 50002_chicken_wings_00000.jpg
│   │   │   └──  . . .
│   │   ├── 50004 -> ../AMASS/DFaust_Snythetic//DFaust67renders_singleframes/50004
│   │   └──  . . . 
│   ├── validation2d
│   ├── validation2d_bb
│   ├── validation_bg
│   └── validation_bg17
├── LICENSE
├── main.py
├── Models
│   └── Model_BCN_3D -> ../../Model
│       ├── checkpoint
│       ├── model.ckpt.data-00000-of-00001
│       ├── model.ckpt.index
│       ├── model.ckpt.meta
│       ├── TOTAL_by_activity.npy
│       └── TOTAL.npy
├── plotALL.py
├── README.md
├── train.py
└── utils
    ├── children_b.mat
    └── children.mat

```

**NOTE:** The added directory `Data3D/validation_amass` contains the extracted frames of each sample 
         of the [AMASS dataset](https://amass.is.tue.mpg.de). 
         Only dataset ``validation_amass/50002`` is indicated, representing the other 10 samples of dataset AMASS.



### Training
```bash
python main.py train
```

### Test
```bash
python main.py test
```

### Video Test
```bash
python main.py test_video
```


# Download Dataset
https://urjc-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/ivan_ramirez_urjc_es/Ec3Xu8zlV_xLkjE4cWPlTpoB_kznscM98bANGyM9Nbhb5Q?e=4%3anXkVj8&at=9
# Download Trained Model
https://urjc-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/ivan_ramirez_urjc_es/EsopUGOLPDROn9jfE1DCpBwBMAcSQ2pfaTLqU21FN6K42w?e=5%3aqNQa00&at=9


# Requirements

Project Repository comes with:
 - ~~Python 2~~ Python 3 (project upgraded to Python 3)
 - Tensorflow 1 (TF-2 is work in progress in branch [tf-2](https://github.com/suhrmann/BCN_3DPose/tree/tf-2))

1. [Optional] Create anaconda environment (recommendet) <br/>
    More information about [conda / anaconda [conda.io]](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/)
    ```bash
    # Create env "BCN_3DPose" with Python 3.7 and PIP
    conda create --name BCN_3DPose python=3.7 pip
    # Activate this environment
    conda activate BCN_3DPose # activate 
    ```

2. Install **Tensorflow** for your platform using ``conda`` <br />
    For other install options see [Install TensorFlow [tensorflow.org]](https://www.tensorflow.org/install)
    ```bash
    # Install Tensorflow 1(!)
    conda install tensorflow-gpu==1.15 # Tensorflow 1
    ```

2. Install project dependencies
    ```bash
    conda install opencv scipy Pillow matplotlib tqdm
    ```


# FAQ

 - **``ffmpeg`` / h.264 support missing** <br>
    If you got an error about missing h2.64 encoding you need to install ``opencv`` via with channel `conda-forge`.
    The flag `-c conda-forge` does **not** resolve it. See doc of conda-forge how to add channel `conda-forge`: <br>
    https://conda-forge.org/#about
    
    Mission h.264 discussion here at [ @conda-forge / opencv-feedstock [github] ](https://github.com/conda-forge/opencv-feedstock/issues/230#issuecomment-626216544)
